Fixed #35086 -- Added support for BoundedCircle on Spatialite 5.1+. (#17691)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.txt

:mod:`django.contrib.gis`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Added SpatiaLite support for the
>   :class:`~django.contrib.gis.db.models.functions.BoundingCircle` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :class:`~django.contrib.gis.db.models.functions.BoundingCircle` is now
  supported on SpatiaLite 5.1+.
```
